Unroll dict input before call Accelerator X_steps (#10908)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- The `LightningModule.{add_to_queue,get_from_queue}` hooks no longer get a `torch.multiprocessing.SimpleQueue` and instead receive a list based queue ([#10034](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10034))

> - Changed `training_step`, `validation_step`, `test_step` and `predict_step` functions signatures in `Accelerator` and update input from caller side ([#10908](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10908))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `training_step`, `validation_step`, `test_step` and `predict_step` method signatures in `Accelerator` and updated input from caller side ([#10908](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10908))
```
